i instructed you to map the domains we have in the syn to  mapped the domain to the location name i wanted. you remember that? once i lauch this app to publlic and add a new connction/site domain. how can i assign a new location name to the orders that come from that webiste with no orderable meta data for the loation? i do not want to unknown locations and i want to be able to add the location for the orders that do not have the meta data dynamically going forward without needing to ask you about it. so  to make this dynamic, when i add a new locatin. i'd like for you to add a field for me to enter the loation name to be used for the orders that do not have orderable meta data so all ordesr from this new domain i add will fetched and mapped to the new location that gets created when i enter the location name. .be sure this is dynamic for any new location i add (so code it in a way to apply this as a temkplate to all future additional sites we add when i click the add new site tab, and be suer it follows the same fules as the others like to show the last fetch, auto start etc. if no location info from meta data and its an unknown location for new domains added, then link it to the name of the locatin i add in the field so that location gets created and any orders from this new site/domain is attached to that location. so under each site (including the main, i should have a field where i enter the location name i want each order that is fetched without Orderable location meta data to belong to. I expect something like this for that field (Enter the same of the Location "Unknown Location" orders will go to) this name will create the location name if it does not exist, and if it exisits (As we do for the three current site conections we have, this field should populate that data where i can simply change or edit if i need to" be sure to update all this and make sure the datababe schema works, as well front and back end. ask me quetsions if you have any hesitaion or miss understanding about building this or even if there could be confiuratins that i may have forgotten to mention.